Create Signup Screen:
Standalone screen for new user registration. The language of the page should be Spanish.

Requirements:

1. User Information Fields:
. The signup screen fields are:
	- Name
	- Last Name
	- Email
	- Password
	- Confirm Password
. Fields color should be a pale grey.
. Text should be aligned to left. Text inside this fields should be align vertically center.
. Fields size should be: Email long size and all the remaining ones half of the long size.
. It should be displayed as follows:
	- Name ; Last Name
	- Email
	- Password ; Confirm Password
. Align the fields by justify-center.


2. Placeholder Text:

. Each field should display a grey placeholder text indicating what information should be entered ending with " *".


3. User Input Interaction:

. When a user clicks on a field or start typing, the grey placeholder text should disappear.
. The fields should validate the entered data and provide feedback in real-time.


4. Data Validation

. Name and surname should be all characters.
. Email should follow a valid format(have an "@").
. Password should be in range of [8-16] characters.
. When data meets the requirements, the field outline should turn green a display a validation sign.


5. User Agreement:

. Include an orange slide button where users can read and agree to terms and conditions and privacy policy below the user information
fields. It should be aligned to the center.
. Agreement acceptance should be mandatory for signup.


6. CAPTCHA:

. Implement a CAPTCHA mechanism to confirm that the user is not a robot.
. CAPTCHA service should be Google reCAPTCHA v2.
. Align to center below user agreement.
. CAPTCHA completion should be mandatory for signup.


7. Sign-Up Button:

. Include a "Sign Up ->" button at the bottom of the page with black font.
. Text inside this button should be align vertically center.
. The button should be grey and turn orange when all required fields are properly filled, user agreement and CAPTCHA are completed.
. Size should be similar to the name field.
. Align button to center below CAPTCHA.


8. Security:

. When the password is entered, each character must be hidden.


9. Error Handling:

. If data doesn't meet the requirements, it should be displayed to the user near the respective field.
. Outline the field with red in case of invalid or missing data.


Assumptions:

1. User Behavior:
. Assume that users will follow a typical signup process, filling out the required fields in order.

2. CAPTCHA Service:
. Assume that a third-party CAPTCHA service will be used, and integration will be successful.

3. User Agreement Content:
. Assume that the content and wording of the user agreement have been finalized and provided separately.

4. Legal Compliance:
. Assume that the user agreement complies with all legal and regulatory requirements.